Ha ha.
Are there still people like this these days?
I'd rather meet this person
He did it
And that's exactly what I expected.
What about him?
Just too kind
But in the eyes of others, it's called stupid
Call him stupid
Definitely not smart enough to be interesting
cousin or
Force him back
Nope.
I brought him to the party myself
Yang early morning
Come find me at the entrance of Shenhao Hotel at 2 pm
Ok I must just know
Shanshan, take us with you
Just look at the door and see if you can't get in, okay?
Take us with you
Right.
Shanshan heard that many dignitaries are going
Take us to open our eyes
Yes, okay?
Ok you come with me
Really, thank you Shanshan too.
Wow, this is Jeonaka
The only seven-star hotel
Shenhao Hotel
That's great, isn't it?
Isn't it just a hotel?
If you like it, I will bring you here often in the future.
Okay, okay.
Yang Qiancheng, why are you here?